---
title: "As community"

description: "Sustainable travel for everyone"
type: page
cascade:
  featured_image: '/images/train.jpeg'
---

Do you think people would be interested traveling to KubeCon from where
you're based? 🚄

<!--more-->

### First of all, contact us 👥

You are not alone in this. We are a community and help each other.
Organizing such an initiative can feel overwhelming and we are here to
help.

The first step is to let us know you are there 😄

Write an email to `info@kubetrain.io` and tell us about you. Where are you
based, which community are you part of, which departure would you like to
take care of and what help you need. By doing this we can put you in
contact with other people that might be interested in organizing the same
thing.

### Contact the local train company 🚝

Find out which train company takes care of the trip between your location
and KubeCon's hosting city. Send an email to request a group booking and
figure out how much it would cost to rent a whole carriage on the day
before the start of KubeCon. It's important to have a precise idea of how
much that would cost and how many people would be able to take a seat
onboard.

### Contact local sponsors 📌

To support this initiative you need sponsors to cover at least part of the
cost of renting a train. We would like participants to get their tickets
at a discount while at the same time providing values to the companies
sponsoring us.

The good news is: you don't need many sponsors. Two or Three sponsors
should be enough to cover the cost and provide an economic advantage to
our participants. This part will be covered in the financial section
(coming soon).

### Make it happen 💥

Spread the voice, invite friends, contact more companies and invite them
to join you in this trip to KubeCon.

### Organize on-board activities 🧑‍💻

Make the trip fun! With the help of sponsors and the local community plan
some fun activities during the trip. Lightning talks, hackathon... nothing
is off limit!


